Update docs post EIP-4844 (#12694)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: public/content/developers/docs/data-availability/index.md

Data Availability Sampling (DAS) is a way for the network to check that data is available without putting too much strain on any individual node. Each node (including non-staking nodes) downloads some small, randomly selected subset of the total data. Successfully downloading the samples confirms with high confidence that all of the data is available. This relies upon data erasure coding, which expands a given dataset with redundant information (the way this is done is to fit a function known as a _polynomial_ over the data and evaluating that polynomial at additional points). This allows the original data to be recovered from the redundant data when necessary. A consequence of this data creation is that if _any_ of the original data is unavailable, _half_ of the expanded data will be missing! The amount of data samples downloaded by each node can be tuned so that it is _extremely_ likely that at least one of the data fragments sampled by each client will be missing _if_ less than half the data is really available.

> DAS is used to ensure rollup operators make their transaction data available now that [EIP-4844](/roadmap/danksharding) has been implemented. Ethereum nodes randomly sample the transaction data provided in blobs using the redundancy scheme explained above to ensure that all the data exists. The same technique could also be employed to ensure block producers are making all their data available to secure light clients. Similarly, under [proposer-builder separation](/roadmap/pbs), only the block builder would be required to process an entire block - other validators would verify using data availability sampling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DAS will to ensure rollup operators make their transaction data available after [Full Danksharding](/roadmap/danksharding/#what-is-danksharding) has been implemented. Ethereum nodes will randomly sample the transaction data provided in blobs using the redundancy scheme explained above to ensure that all the data exists. The same technique could also be employed to ensure block producers are making all their data available to secure light clients. Similarly, under [proposer-builder separation](/roadmap/pbs), only the block builder would be required to process an entire block - other validators would verify using data availability sampling.
```

This change is wrong as proto-danksharding (EIP-4844) does not introduce DAS. But, the content here was wrong in the first place, so we should revert this change, but fix what is wrong here. I suggest the above.

Author: Yep, great catch. I wasn't paying attention to what this section was mentioning.

> DAS will to ensure rollup operators make their transaction data available after [Full Danksharding](/roadmap/danksharding/#what-is-danksharding) has been implemented. Ethereum nodes will randomly sample the transaction data provided in blobs using the redundancy scheme explained above to ensure that all the data exists. The same technique could also be employed to ensure block producers are making all their data available to secure light clients. Similarly, under [proposer-builder separation](/roadmap/pbs), only the block builder would be required to process an entire block - other validators would verify using data availability sampling.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DAS will be used to ensure rollup operators make their transaction data available after [Full Danksharding](/roadmap/danksharding/#what-is-danksharding) has been implemented. Ethereum nodes will randomly sample the transaction data provided in blobs using the redundancy scheme explained above to ensure that all the data exists. The same technique could also be employed to ensure block producers are making all their data available to secure light clients. Similarly, under [proposer-builder separation](/roadmap/pbs), only the block builder would be required to process an entire block - other validators would verify using data availability sampling.
```
